Jakarta EE, Quarkus 3 and Hibernate ORM upgrade documentation (#20131)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/22_0_0.adoc

= Transition from Java EE to Jakarta EE

We have migrated our codebase from Java EE (Enterprise Edition) to Jakarta EE, which brings various changes into Keycloak.
We have upgraded all Jakarta EE specifications in order to support Jakarta EE 10.
You can be affected by changing `javax.\*` to the `jakarta.*` namespace.

See the migration guide for more details.

= We upgraded to Quarkus 3!

We have upgraded the Quarkus Java framework, which lives underneath Keycloak and brings many benefits.
Quarkus 3 continues the tradition of propelling Java development by moving fast and providing a cutting-edge user experience with the latest technologies.
It continues to improve overall performance and efficiency.

> It provides specific breaking changes, so check the migration guide for details.

Reviewer: I'd maybe slightly rephrase.
```suggestion
Since Quarkus 3 is a major upgrade, some breaking changes were inevitable. See the migration guide for details.
```

= We use Hibernate ORM 6 now

Keycloak now benefits from the upgrade to Hibernate ORM 6.2, which includes improved performance, better SQL, modern JDK support, and support for modern RDBMS features.

If you have custom providers or JPA entities, these changes may affect you.

> See the migration guide for more details.

Reviewer: I think we should ask @keycloak/store team for a review of this.
